rurnonucrrou. lvii

255. T. Baudement. 8⁰. Par. 1839. In the Nisard col-
lection, with a French translation.

256. S. F. Em. Tafel. 8⁰. Tubing. dt Lond. 1841. ‘L.
Annaei Senecae et Pub. Syri forsan et aliorum selectae
sententiae' 3 A 63, Β45, C 38, D 26, 02 172 sentences
in all, with 21 ‘fragmenta nuper reperta,’ 17 extra
sentences, 32 from the Codex Turicensis‚ Orelli's line
768, and 22 odds and ends. Scaliger's Greek version is
placed ‘en sace,' the scholia of Erasmus are given and
three pages of short notes*

257. J. Seibt. Prag. 2850. With Phaedrus.

258. T. Baudement. 8⁰. Par. 1850. With Horace in
vol. ii. os the Nisard collection ; with a French transla-
tion. There are 1006 iambics and 97 trochaicS, almost
identical with No. 25 5.*

259. Lod. Pizzo [MetloJ. Ven. 1853. An Italian prose
translation, but only partial.

260. Ο. Ribbeck.' 8⁰. [Teubner] Lips. 1855. ιΡ. Pub-
lilius Lochius Syrus’ in ‘Comicorum latinorum praeter
Plautum et Terentium reliquiae! There are 501
iambics and 44 trochaics, besides 269 ‘minus probatae'
and 43 from, the codex Turicensis. Woelfflin charges
the editor with not taking the trouble to find out what
the rus. readings were, and says ‘Vel sic tamen Rib-
beckium tribus quattuorve versibus salutern attulisse

haud diffitendum est: reliqua plerumque sic considerare
malui quasi scripta non essent’*

262. Ε. Souesmes. 12⁰. Brux. 2856. With a French
(distich) translation.

262. Schedel. 12⁰. Pest. 2858. 122 ‘Magyar Prozairdk,'
with Cato, Aesop etc, ²70 sentences (iambics and tro-
chaics mixed) in Magyar verse*

 

