lNTRODUCTlON.

11. THE AUTHOR'S LIFE.

Publilius is first heard of (in the above quotation from
Pliny) as coming to Rome in the same ship with Manilius the
astronomer and Staberius the grammarian ; he was for some
little time a slave, but, his talents and virtues gaining him
manumission while still a youth, he took to writing plays of the
kind called minus. In this he was so successful that Caesar
called him to Rome to the public games and awarded him the
palm, though whether for genuine mime or improvisation is not
clear. The list of his vanquished rivals included Laberius,
aller whose death mimes became exceedingly popular, while
Publilius came to be called the founder of the mimic stage.
History does not say in what year he died, but Friedrich is
persuaded, from the statement of Petronius that bis plays were
still acted under Nero, that he lived to a good old age.

111. EVIDENCE CONCERNING THE AUTHOR.

Cicero, Epistola ad Compfclam (12. 18. 2 ed. Wesenberg):
‘Equidem sic iam obdurui, ut ludis Caesaris nostri animo
aequissimo viderem Τ. Plancum, audirem Laberii et Publilii
poemata Nihil mihi mmen deesse scito quam quicum haec
familiariter docteque rideam? '⁸

Cicero, Epistola ad Attt‘cum (14. 2):

‘Duas 'a te accepi epistolas heri. Ex priore theatrum
Publiliumque cognovi: bona signa consentientis multitudinis,
plausus vero L. Cassio datus etiam facetus mihi quidem visus

est'

Cicero, Epistola ad Atticum (¹4· 3):
‘Tu si quid πραγματικόν habes, scribes ; sin minus, populi
ὶπισημασίαν et mimorum dicta perscribito!

 

